---
layout: post
title: "Week 9"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
The first phase of project 3 aka getting Flask to run properly on my machine. You would think that the process would be pretty straightforward, and it certainly seemed that way once I got my flask server running in a virtual environment, but alas, I struggled to actually make the server serve where I wanted it to serve. I also worked heavily on the technical report, describing the utility of our project and the tools we used as well as proofreading and editing. Other memorable activities include doing IBM's online interview and bouldering at Austin Bouldering Project. 

2. What's in your way? 
Being in two project heavy classes, sometimes when I make time for one project team, I feel like I'm letting the other project team down. Of course, that's silly. I will just need to manage my time well between these classes alongside the interview I have going on later this week.

3. What will you do next week?
Doing some company research and more applications and cramming a lot of hours making a web app awesome and beautiful and functional. I already have some experience with Angular, but Angular 2 is a fairly different beast and I look forward to understanding it more. I will also be using React for the first time! And the remainder of the week will be the usual - figuring out our next network security project. This week we're concentrating on application security. We're finding all sorts of cool things you can do with SQL/PHP/Command injection and cross-site scripting (XSS). I suppose learning how to prevent those things is nice, too.

Class experience: My jimmies got rustled by the interesting wording of the database questions on the previous quiz in this class. Having taken Data Management with Cannata, I sort of know what's going on with the functions we're covering in class (select, project, theta_join, cross_join, natural_join) but I've really only understood these at a high level.

Tip of the week: Try installing the grammarly browser app for use in your technical reports. It's very good for proofreading if you're too lazy to copy-paste from an actual word processor.