---
layout: post
title: "Week 15"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
I studied for the software engineering exam and my last marketing exam.

2. What's in your way? 
Christmas gift shopping.

3. What will you do next week?
An interview for IBM and studying for a final for business law. Also, Christmas parties with friends.

Overall class experience: Having taken OOP with Downing the semester before, his teaching style was familiar to me, as was the first project. We covered a large variety of topics, beginnning with Python features and continuing into database design and software design principles. Downing discusses these things in great detail and is more than willing to take questions when we don't understand something. I have always appreciated that, and I can say that I've learned a great deal about the world of software development and the business surrounding it through class, guest lectures, and the projects we built. Additionally, I have more fully realized how awesome Python is. I have a much greater understanding of the inner workings of Python and how to use it efficiently since much of the first half of the semester is geared towards understanding the various use cases of the basic data structures and the way Python implements them. All in all, this class has been practical for students entering the workforce or even for students looking to start their own businesses. The fact that Downing basically changes the toolchain for class projects each semester reflects the rapidly changing software market. I still hate docker, but I appreciate the idea and how we're being pushed to adapt to newer ways of doing things.

Tip of the week: December 9th is <a href="http://calendar.utexas.edu/event/digital_demo_day_-_fall_2016#.WEXLKPkrJEb">Digital Demo Day</a>. Come check out student game creations!
