---
layout: post
title: "Week 13"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
Mostly cleaning up team spartify's <a href="http://www.opensourcery.me">final class project</a> and beginning to take a crack at the final project for network security. I also crammed several hours worth of studying for business law before my exam on Tuesday. I had a bit of free time this past week, so I was able to have some fun planning out my LIFE group's annual Thanksgiving dinner and hang out with my roommates.

2. What's in your way? 
The idea of not currently having a job offer haunts me a bit. The idea that someone out there might hear about me and think, "Ha, look at that loser without a job in the middle of the year." Then, I realize that 1. it doesn't actually matter what those people think if they even really exist and 2. there's still a gazillion opportunities out there. Life goes on, I keep trying.

3. What will you do next week?
The network security final project is quite brutal. Rightfully so for being worth 30% of our final grade. Our team of four works the best when we're all together, naturally, since we are able to easily and efficiently share information, but I'm not sure that it will be possible even do that as much in these coming weeks. We have been able to make significant progress separated, though, so I'm not too worried for us. We still manage to share information effectively electronically. On the software engineering side, it's mostly just preparing the presentation for OpenSourcery.

Class experience: 
We've basically been learning how to replace a switch statement with an abstract class whose constructor depended on the paramenters passed in Java. Java is not my favorite language, and it isn't Downing's either, so I'm not entirely sure why we're learning software principles under it. I suppose exercising my Java muscles is practical since many companies might prefer Java skills. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for type safety and safety in general, but I prefer Python's expressiveness and speed. 

Tip of the week: It seems that most companies are okay with you doing coding interviews in whatever language you like, but I hear there are some who are sticklers for Java or C++.