---
layout: post
title: "Week 2"
---
1. What did you do this past week?

I spent the better part of this past week gaining an understanding of the tools and requirements for project 1, trying to complete the steps. Learning new technologies is almost always a difficult part of any project - this class's projects in particular because of the sheer number of services and applications we need to learn to use. Nevertheless, it is a blessing to be learning how to learn new technologies, since the world constantly changes around us. It’s also good to know that we have awesometacular TA’s who are able to help us along the way – the two hours I spent at the study session on Thursday would probably otherwise have become 6 hours banging my head against my laptop at home. So shoutout to you, Ellen and Albert!

2. What's in your way?

The answer to this question depends on where I'm going, which is a much more difficult question and one I'll be constantly working on. But to keep it simple, we’ll say I’m going to learn from the experience of this class. This means that I’ll have to pay attention in class, which is kind of given, but the hard part is managing time for this course. The challenge is guessing how much time I need to complete projects. I’ve already failed miserably for project 1 (I guessed 8 hours, and still thought that was generous), as I did not account for the fact that I would have to spend several hours figuring out how to set up everything and get my code to actually run.

3. What will you do next week?

Hopefully finish project 1 with optimizations and all. 

Class experience: I'm enjoying the time I spend in and out of class. The constant threat of being randomly called on  in class is reminiscent of my high school band experience back in the day - without the constant threat of being chewed out for answering unfavorably. The non-project activities outside of class are rather light, and the first project, I feel, is a great way to ease into the groove of a more complicated development process that I have been using in my lower division classes.

Tip of the week: Keep a tab up with Dr. Downing’s class schedule – stay on top of your readings!
