---
layout: post
title: "Week 12"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
I spent the week working with my team to sort out our final software engineering project. It has surprisingly been a pretty relaxing experience, since we have been cramming in our requirements early on so I'm not too concerned with having too little time to finish my part of the project. At the same time, though, I must not become complacent. I intend to finish strong on OpenSourcery along with the rest of my team. Otherwise the week was not entirely eventful. I attended my first SEEK (Society of Engineers Educating Kids) meeting. It may be something I will be a part of next semester, but as of this semester I am definitely too busy. The meeting was sponsored by Accenture and catered some delicious Schlotzky's.

2. What's in your way? 
Our team is composed of computer science students, so naturally finding time to work together is its own challenge. Several of my teammates have a hard time finding something to work on as a result of simply not having time to play around with what the rest of the team has built. Fortunately, we were able to finish our PlanningPoker session with relative success and we have assigned tasks to each of our members. I anticipate more participation on the part of people who haven't been able to do so much in the past phases.

3. What will you do next week?
My team intends to begin pulling together the project presentation, possibly on Prezi just because I like the transition choices. Others don't feel the same way about them, but we'll sort that out once the time comes.

Class experience: I'm having some flashbacks from Data Management with Cannata. I don't know if it's a good or bad thing, but I find it useful to gain a greater understanding of some software design patterns. Unfortunately, I don't find them terribly interesting, but I'm glad to be learning these things.

Tip of the week: If you're stressed, you can donate $5 to Global Medical Training to <a href="https://www.facebook.com/events/321825504865154/?notif_t=event_transition_reminder&notif_id=1479058989585817"> pet some puppies</a>.