---
layout: post
title: "Week 11"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
I mostly spent the week cramming for an exam on Tuesday then spending the remainder of the week either building project 4 or blowing off steam by playing frisbee, piano, or guitar. The week itself didn't involve much, of which I am thankful since the past month has brutally tested my time management skills.

2. What's in your way? 
As the semester is winding down, so do the opportunities in the job market. My dream for the time being is to work in Austin and continue building some of the relationships I've established here while perhaps making a difference in other ways, like through volunteer work. I love the city and all, but finding motivation to continue applying for employment can be difficult sometimes.

3. What will you do next week?
Applying for even more jobs. If you've been reading these blogs of mine, you will know that I can never be doing this enough.

Class experience: Learning the details of example various SQL queries doesn't fascinate me too much, but I certainly appreaciate the value in knowing them. Having done Data Management with Cannata, I already know the general structure of SQL, or at least Oracle's implementation, though we've been working in MySQL in class. There are only minor differences, as expected, which is the strength of a declarative language. I am quite happy to now have to worry about the effiency of an inner join, as someone smarter than me is probably trying to optimize it right now.

Tip of the week: When coordinating online interviews, make sure you and the interviewer are talking about the same time zone.