---
layout: post
title: "Week 6"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
Having had several projects and tests due the previous week, this past week was rather uneventful. I spent the better part of it resting, playing (video games, instruments, hanging out with friends, etc.), and doing some job applications here and there. Unfortunately, I did not have any interviews to attend but I'm hoping that the companies that I have applied for will get back to me some time in the near future. I wish I could say that it was an insanely productive week, but I didn't really do so much for my career so much as investing time into others, helping with python homework (which actually helps me, too, for this class) and simply having conversations about future, life, and all that jazz.

2. What's in your way?
Two tests and a new project to work on this week. Perhaps I may have been better off doing more interview prep this past week - I only spent a few hours rehearsing interview questions and doing practice problems. I can't complain too much about the busyness of my coming week, as many of my friends are dealing with workloads much more intense than mine.

3. What will you do next week?
Surely more job applications, career prep, and cramming for exams. I have been doing rather poorly in the software engineering quizzes lately, despite having done really well up until the past two weeks or so. I'm a little concerned for my understanding of the way of the python iterators. So I'll be studying up on those. I am also going to try to surprise some of my busy friends with something, or at least meet up with them. Over the weekend, I attended my church's retreat and felt the conviction to love people more. So I'll get them some cookies or something. 

Class experience: 
I learned a lot about the nature of python containers and iterators at the expenes of my quiz grade. Did you know that functions in python can behave like iterators when they contain the 'yield' keyword? I had no idea that was a thing until this class. 

Tip of the week: Have you wanted to learn vim but have gotten bored with vimtutor? Try vim adventures! <a href="http://vim-adventures.com/">http://vim-adventures.com/</a>