---
layout: post
title: "Week 8"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
Mostly a network security project. Ultimately my rag-tag team of four prevailed over the likes of the ShareVantage web app with various exploit tools covered in class, Googling protocols, and just trying random things. The project progress is measured in flags that we find in (intentionally made) vulnerable systems. They usually come in the form of some sort of hash. Aside from the many hours spent painstaking learning how to secure systems, I spent the earlier part of my week studying for a marketing exam and the later part organizing planning meetings for Software Engineering project 3. 

2. What's in your way? 
I haven't been hearing back from many companies about my applications for full-time jobs. I'm not sure if I'm just doing the whole resume thing wrong or if the whole world knows something that I don't, but in either case I will be getting my resume reviewed by some smart friends and career services, if possible. 

3. What will you do next week?
Organize more project 3 meetings and get down to business with the first phase of our web app. It's essentially a proof of concept over the idea of having a searchable database of open-source projects that is robust enough to handle various queries over the kinds of properties you might expect such projects to have - contributors, owners, dependencies, etc.

Class experience: Our class is beginning to cover the more subtle aspects of Python classes and decorators. The concept of a decorator is completely new to me. I never would have thought, if I were a programming language designer, to make a mechanism to optionally append additional functionality to functions. We built a general-purpose cache decorator to remember the result of previous runs of a function that takes a single integer argument. Although the nature of the parameters are a bit restricted for the usage of our decorator, I certainly recognize the potential of having reusable devices that I can attach to functions.

Pick of the week: A useful tool for arranging meetings: <a href="http://whenisgood.net/Create">http://whenisgood.net/Create</a>