---
layout: post
title: "Week 1"
---
1. What did you do this past week?
After a summer's worth of interning at Thomson Reuters, relaxing at home, and otherwise goofing off, I've been taking steps to get myself back into the groove and grind of school. That means going to sleep at a reasonable time (mostly), arranging my calendar, making use of my todo list, catching up with old friends, and so on. 

2. What's in your way?
I made something of a blunder in my most recent attendance of Downing's software engineering class by showing up 3 minutes late - enough time to completely miss out on the quiz. Needless to say, I'll be avoiding that as much as I possibly can in the future, and hopefully I will be able to compensate by nailing every other of the 29 quizzes (a guy can dream, right?).

3. What will you do next week?
Show up on time. Read. Rediscover my self, my passion, my purpose. Set up for project #1.

Class experience: "NOT looking excited here, HIGH POINT of the #!&@#!* CLASS!" Little do you know, the fact that unittest allows for internal assertion failures without breaking subsequent tests does actually excite the little nerd in me. But that little nerd is not very loud, so you don't hear him. Sorry, Downing. On the subject of tools, as painful as it frequently is to learn how to use new technologies, it is a harsh reality of the industry. I'm thankful to have the opportunity to play with these things in a relatively low-risk environment.

Tip of the week: A friend showed me <a href="http://pmarchive.com/guide_to_personal_productivity.html">this article</a> by Marc Andreesson. It offers several interesting tactics for personal productivity. 