---
layout: post
title: "Week 4"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
I have been mostly beating my head against the wall next to my project 2 partner, trying to figure out some criterion to reduce our Netflix user movie rating predictions under a 1.0 root-means-square-error. We managed it to exactly 1.0 on our data set with surprising ease, but getting anything better than that has led us down a series of fruitless rabbit trails. Other than that, I slept a lot, trying to recover from some weird chest cold that has been causing me a mild but annoying amount of suffering. On the bright side, I did make a little progress on a side project I have been working on and hopefully will get to talk about it a little in the career events on Tuesday.

2. What's in your way?
Our team's lack of knowledge of the direction in which we are to approach our project. Also, my cough.

3. What will you do next week?
I'll finish project 2 (somehow), convince recruiters to hire me, and take my medicine. I will most likely visit our friendly neighborhood TA and proctors for the project. 

Class experience: 
A past student of the class came up and talked about how much the class has helped him and how much more he should have listened to Downing. Downing himself has a lot of useful insights on the tech industry and having that extra reinforcement from a guy working at Bloomberg definitely makes me feel like my education is in good hands. As for the rest of the week, it is always fun learning Python.

Tip of the week: An apple a day keeps the doctor away, or something like that.