---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
I started working on various career-related things and worked with my project 2 partner, Brandon, completing the project much more quickly than I expected. I thought only minor modifications had to be made to my old resume, but I wound up revamping the whole thing upon asking for some resume advice from a friend. She basically told me to look at her old one as a template. I think it was her passive-aggressive way of telling me my entire layout was kind of messy. Now it looks a lot better. Shoutout to my friend and career advisor, Priscilla! 
Oh, and it turned out our project wasn't exactly done by 9:45pm Thursday, 15 minutes before it was due. Brandon called me at that time to tell me our test repo fork somehow didn't merge into the public test repo. After discovering that we somehow only retained our tests and not everyone else's in our pull request, I just made a new fork and put our tests in them and made a new pull request. In 14 minutes. That was probably one of the prouder moments of my CS career.

2. What's in your way?
Job applications. I set a goal of 100 of those. So far, I have 1. Now that I finally have my resume in order, I'll start getting on those... I'm fairly confident I'll have some interview going from there. Aside from any career-related stress, this coming week looks relatively relaxed. 

3. What will you do next week?
Yes, job applications, and I hope, interviews. At least, I'll be doing some interview prep. I also will be preparing some food and activities for my LIFE group this coming Tuesday. I'm hoping to build some deeper relationships with and between my members. These are especially exciting times, as our church's undergraduate retreat is coming up this Saturday. Can't wait!

Class experience: 
I'm glad that there is a certain level of openness in the class piazza. Honestly, my partner and I probably would have spent many hours poking around in the dark searching for the perfect movie rating prediction algorithm. In class itself, we had a very fascinating presentation from Alex Menzies, a sofware engineer from JPL. Now I can say I've gone to Mars (virtually).

Tip of the week: Faithful are the wounds of a friend. Especially when it's your resume/interviewing skills that are getting wounded.