---
layout: post
title: "Week 2"
---
1. What did you do this past week?
After discovering that docker required root privileges that the cs lab machines would (understandably) not allow us to have, I've been trying to figure out a way to set up all the project 1 dependencies on my Windows machine. It's awful. Nobody should ever have to install make. So now I'm getting things going on a Linux box. Other than that, I've been collecting the remainder of my required textbooks and building study groups. 

2. What's in your way?
School is ramping up in general. The projects and the readings are coming. I'll need to make good decisions with my time these next few days. I intend to get all the points for project 1.

3. What will you do next week?
I'll be learnig the ways of python through finishing project 1. I already know some python, having done the codecademy tutorial, but I definitely am still learning new things about it. For instance, in the previous class I learned that global variables in python must be declared explicitly in each scope within the global space. This is counter-intuitive, since I have never had to do that for any other programming language, but this is a result of the fact that we don't ever declare variables in python. It is both a curse and blessing.

Class experience: Having been in OOP with Downing last semester, I'm not surprised to find that we're already diving into the nitty-gritty details of the python language. It seems a little less intense simply because we never have to deal with pointer logic, however. We studied the Collatz problem in OOP as well, so again, no surprises there.

Tip of the week: Time flies when you have deadlines.
