---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
---
1. What did you do this past week?
This past week was madness. My partner and I did about 90% of the project in the four days before it was due and I still worked every day at Painter, where I work as an office aide. On top of that, some guys from my church and I were planning this huge dinner event that weekend and that took a solid chunk of time to arrange. My partner and I managed to get our project to work (late) and the event turned out to be a ton of fun, but trying to balance all this with my regular studying schedule (if I could call it that) meant that sometimes I'd lose some sleep and other times some food, and all the time my leisure time. Actually, I take that back - I sacrificed some sleep for some chilling. Was it worth it? ... Maybe.

2. What's in your way?
This week, I learned that time management is hard. Really hard. I might need a better way to stay on top of all of my responsiblities. As of now, I mostly depend on the sticky notes application on my computer and my own head. One of these things isn't terribly reliable.

3. What will you do next week?
I'll make a greater use of my iPad's calendar, though I don't think this week will be nearly as hectic as last week. I'll be spending my time relaxing a little, keeping up with newly released assignments and studying, and planning for things to be happening in the coming weeks.

Class experience: I'm starting to get a hold on Dr. Downing's teaching style. I am definitely getting a greater understanding of the world of software development and the role of computer science in industry. The C++ lessons are interesting and sometimes frustrating, but I suppose that's why it's interesting. The Main Street Hub dev's talk demonstrated how important it is to keep clean, organized development processes, and the git magic he described blew my mind.

Tip of the week: A few moments on the toilet can spare you many hours of debugging. Or go for a short walk. Just don't stare at the screen. If you can't find the answers in front of you, you might find them within you... or something.