---
layout: post
title: "Week 10"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
This week was mostly working on a team project for my software engineering class - OpenSourcery. The goal is to provide a platform for bored developers to find something to contribute to more easily using a searchable, sortable, filterable, magical database interface. Magic certainly isn't easy, as we've found. Having learned Angular 1 from my previous internship, I am finding the transition to Angular 2 disorienting due to its lack of emphasis on controllers, which were the cornerstones of Angular 1 apps. Other than that, I had an interview with Lockheed Martin in Fort Worth. It was nice to be able to sleep in my own home; although, I wasn't able to sleep in my own bed as my mom had rented out the room to a friend. I don't mind it. We still had an extra air mattress for me to sleep on, and it was reasonably comfortable.

2. What's in your way? 
I have a report for another project for network security to finish around the same time I need to be studying for a test on Tuesday, all while trying to spend more time working on OpenSourcery. I'll probably sleep a little less these next few days.

3. What will you do next week?
I'll be spending my time cramming assignments for the first few days and applying for more jobs a bit later. Most of my time this week will surely go to OpenSourcery. 

Class experience: The only class I had attended this past week was Monday's, since I had an interview Wednesday and class was canceled for UTCS's 50th anniversary celebration.

