---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
---

1. What did you do this past week?
Completed project 1 with only a little stress and fewer snags than the equivalent project from OOP last semester. Having familiarity with the mechanics of Travis CI, make, and Sphere Online Judge made development significantly more comfortable. On top of that, Python's arbitrary-length integers made the integer overflow struggles of C++ no more. In addition to this project, I started on my network security project with my team of 4. The project was released just before the due date of project 1 for software engineering, which is nice, since I don't have to worry too much about making time each day for both projects.

2. What's in your way?
When project 2 kicks in, it will overlap with my network security project, so time management will definitely be the biggest challenge. As a senior, I also ought to be searching for job opportunities. Taking the time to do my research and work on my professional impression (resume, interview practice, etc.) is a painstaking process, but I press on in the hope that my efforts will pay off.

3. What will you do next week?
"Poking around", as my net sec teachers call it. I'll get started on project 2... Whatever it is. I'll be preparing myself mentally and materially for the career brunch on the 20th, as well as the career fair on the same day.

Class experience: 
While not paying enough attention in class, I got called on to answer some questions about python sets. Having not really worked with sets, I confidently answered Downing's questions with absolutely the wrong answers. But of course, Downing had my back. Not embarassing me too much, he drilled me on some of the implementation details of the set, leading to our interesting discovery of the relationship between the mutability and hashability of objects. 

Tip of the week: Career fair is a good opporunity to find jobs. Still more, however, it is a good opporunity to build connections with people and organizations that can then lead to further opportunities! And there is also lots of cool swag.